beauty show you guys a
gadget that I made a bat one
support is 18 you can go to do it yourself
some different footage
Actually, I found this piece of pipe.
on the street he was already with a
here is a cap you find in the houses of
construction material
and then I went to a store that sells
tools parts and such
I bought a screw 'thread' 18 if I did not
thread error 9
I bought an alley to give a base on a
better support
I collected the pieces here with araldite
pasted with glue itself to kanu same is
PVC
bought a cordinha costs 37 cents
metro string well resistant and there I
I made a hole here to learn is part
because the hole fills with sugar cane
it's already dried and weasley I'm going to paint
it now to get that color of cane and
here at this point the bolt I fit
this gopro accessory, which is the
tripoli mount tripod mount i go
learn here why I put the
alley to give a better base than he
I fought here when I learned group
Pro Goal not to keep loosening the right thread
the thread had to see this piece there I was
I want a screw in the box here that I
liked it there are not several sizes
Screw the one that is more or
less of this size here I needed by
a shim here inside for him to pass
there are only four turns from three to four
thread turns out because here the
thread is not too deep so that
It goes down right but if you
You want to find a little boy too?
legal work you need three
four turns of thread here to
thread work can malto beauty
I'm going to paint now, we'll see later.
the final result of the document can
a little finger on the basic finger is there
guys
just wait to dry it is ready what
can
thanks
the goal
O
on goal
everyone
ah